To Do

can't connect ftp
sync with local and stage
legal fonts..


add alphabet filter
check all laravel errors and style
form tabs

assign admin to list
geolocation proximity
save search
fav search
rec search


free premium user type


Overall:

1. Nav bar icons need to be clickable - done
2. We need a log out button - done

Sign up form:

"Phone Number" - Add "please include country code” - done

"Sign up for newsletter" should be ticked by default - done

"Email" - add a verifier to ensure email has not be registered prior

List 2

Remove Country - done

"Listings" change to "My Listing” - done

Search bar examples need to suit each selected button i.e. "Sumitomo Corporation" for Company / "Steel Beams" for Product etc - done

Change default display on "Smart Search" to "Industry" / "Sector" / "Location" / "Country of Origin” - done

Video upload should be some sort of feature where they can upload on youtube then add link to our site

User should not be able to proceed to next page without filling in all complusory info - done

Error messages if boxes are not filled, should not appear at the top of the page, maybe the boxes in question should be highlighted in a different color - done

Add a "Back” Button - done

Results

The way the listings are displayed need to be altered - presently the premium listings and free listings are displayed on separate boxes each with their own page count. The premium listings should be displayed alongside the free listings on the same list, however they should appear first. i.e if there are 100 listings with 50 listings each, and 10 listings per page, then the premium listings shall take up the first 5 pages. Also besides a slightly different background, I would like for the same level of information to appear for all listings. (Basically what is already present in the premium listing). - done

Clicking on the Company Name / Photo should bring you to details page - done

Rename Add to favourite = Add to Favourites - done

Rename Send messages = Send Message - done

User should be able to customize how many results appear per-page (10/25/50/100 etc) via dropdown - done

Text at bottom should read: There are a total of <X> listings that match your search. Only Premium listings are currently viewable. Please log in or sign up for a subscription to see all available results. - done

My Search

In "Favourite Companies" change "Country" to "Location", and add a "Country of Origin” - done

Details

Message should be shifted down slightly - done

Map should be a google-map link - done

The categories titles need to stand out from the main body text more - done